3rd-party media hosting category updates (#12227)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/media/index.mdx

import ReadMore from '~/components/ReadMore.astro';
import Badge from "~/components/Badge.astro"

Follow one of our guides to integrate images and videos from a hosted media service.

## Hosted Media Guides

<MediaGuidesNav />

## Why use hosted media?

Hosted media helps individuals, teams, and organizations store, manage, optimize and deliver their image and video assets with dedicated APIs from a central location.

This centralization can be useful particularly when using a single source of truth for your assets between multiple web or mobile properties. This is important if you're part of an organization that requires multiple teams to use the same assets, or are integrating into other content systems like a PIM (Product Information Manager) to connect your assets to products.

Image hosting services can transform and optimize your images, automatically delivering optimized versions for your visitor. These [remote images](/en/guides/images/#remote-images) can be used in Astro's built-in `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components, and are available to all file types in your project including Markdown, MDX, and UI Framework components.

> Video hosting services like [Mux](/en/guides/media/mux/) can provide live-streaming platforms and customizable video players, giving significant performance and scaling benefits over handling local content. They will handle video transcoding, compression, and transformation to provide a smooth user experience. A platform like Mux may also additionally include data analysis for understanding your user engagement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video hosting services like [Mux](/en/guides/media/mux/) can provide performant on-demand and live-streaming video delivery along with customizable video players, giving significant reliability and scaling benefits over handling local content. They will handle video transcoding, compression, and transformation to provide a smooth user experience. A platform like Mux may also additionally include data analysis for understanding your user engagement.
```
